[Collatz Conjecture] Approaches - missing words fix (#3753)
exercism/python: exercises/practice/collatz-conjecture/.approaches/introduction.md

## General guidance

> The key to this exercise is to check if the number is even and then do the correct operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key to this exercise is to check if the number is even or odd and then perform the correct operation.
```
